it's a dunk that would make the Rain Man
proud and it might be the best you'll
see all year a seattle high schooler is
getting attention all across the country
for this Monster Jam with Twitter
Facebook and Instagram it's no surprise
that video made it across the internet
pretty quick cut before sports director
Mike Ferrari sat down today with a
player behind that impressive dunk Mike
Palmieri life can certainly change in an
instant
Tuesday night Chiefs up played a
basketball game against Garfield they
didn't win but what happened during that
game was life-changing for one player
that sword his way to internet fame with
what is already being called the dunk of
the year it's the dunk that went viral
today new better angles captured by the
school's security cameras of Chief
Sealth showed just how impressive the
dunks seen around the world really was
you know we see him dunk pretty much
daily in practice he's got a pretty
ridiculous amount of hops and you know
we've seen some great dunks from him
before but that one is definitely tops
little did halfie Jesse know on Tuesday
night then when he defied gravity he
would launch himself into the trending
world of social media that changed my
life I got a lot of people behind me up
and all that talking about to play and
change my life it was a set play that
turned a kid that can really jump into
an instant high school legend we
practice a lot Luke set out to coast in
Derby he uh he ran the play
he called it out and used to just made a
great pass Matt Duncan you chef Muhammad
ignited the play with his pass a pass he
almost didn't make like the face he did
on the second side I was like this boy
wants to throw down I know it I seen it
before he's gonna do it so I just put in
the air took it I just cram videos us
both crazy alright so this is exactly
where the dunk out yeah right you threw
the pass I knew of course with a
superstar so what you say we do it you
want to dunk on me yeah that's not very
hard no that's not
websites around the world an ESPN keeps
showing the dunk for a feed and yousuf
their 15 minutes of fame isn't over yet
something you dream about like and you
say oh I'm gonna make it here I'm gonna
make it there but then doesn't really
happen for him to actually happen is
there's something incredible it's gonna
be a lot of great dunkers coming out and
all that - is that reviewing worth is
I'd be a little competition but you set
the bar yes at the father it was a
life-changing leap for him feed college
coaches are suddenly interested in the
kid with the incredible hops you know
it's honestly hopefully it opens up some
doors for him in his future with you
know the the recognition that one play
gets it's pretty amazing to think about
other doors that might open for him
that's a feed set coach Colin Colin
Slingsby now along with hearing from
college coaches to feed is also getting
calls from around the country to take
part and dunk competitions this March a
life-changer guys